everything is NZXT is new h1 ITX mini pc
packs a ton of high-end gaming
components in a small package bringing
small form-factor gaming to an all new
high the 140 millimeter water cooler
keeps the Intel 9900 kcp you nice and
cool while the separated GPU compartment
maximizes cooling efficiency and
performance for the nvidia RT x 2070
super video card to see a complete spec
list and to learn more about the h1 mini
PC from NZXT click the link in the
description below since I said them
there
now I know those people are like you're
out of jail already tricky stuff doesn't
get sticky just like all of you guys
were that the tape wasn't gonna hold in
my studio and hold those boards up which
are they still up there or not Phil
that's what I thought this is my fault
because my joke the holes and stuff saw
that's kind of go down there and a new
good job cleaning it off and then when I
stuck these back on they don't stay then
I decided but I want to do this a
different now because one of these
killed my internet in the room too
because it fell on the plug was a and
then destroyed the socket so mad at
these things there's all kinds so
there's no music I do want to point out
something in that video and I'm part two
or three two part two three I think it
looks like my hand is like right here as
I'm song I'm mouth hope they like that
here the angle that Phil is that made my
hand look like I was like right next to
it so trust me I know how to use a
freaking whatever that think it's called
north skinny we went and we got all
these pretreated boards they're fairly
straight these are pine I'm gonna cut
them down to the right length and I'm
just gonna make the plank plank wall
like I wanted to all along we're gonna
be stapling these to that board through
the backside and then what I'm gonna end
up doing is staining it to match like I
did that ring but we've also done as you
see these holes here it's a better the
third spot to put those TV mail so now I
can get the TV more centered on this
like I wanted to all along because the
reason why I wasn't gonna do that before
is I didn't want to take it off the wall
now Adolfo also might as well do it
right away I can make your hands clap if
anyone watching me does would work that
you know this is some of the more
therapy of particle working is just
seeing all the green and the color come
out told you I know how to work with
wood okay that green came out awesome
holy crap yeah it's four o'clock in the
afternoon we're right back to where we
started at 9:00 a.m. this morning
actually no we're still behind if it's
not back on the wall yet so here it is
here's how it turned out these are 1 by
4 inch selective pine which means it's
time without knots and stuff like that
it's more expensive this whole piece
cost me $120 at lumber for this sorry
dry to the touch but I'm going to let it
fully dry more we got to go to Guitar
Center and get some stuff for the
microphone setup because I do want a
light scream and all that gotta fix the
internet plug that the thing that this
is replacing destroyed none of this was
planned for today well it's been several
days now totally don't want to do though
one I've got a crap ton of nataly's that
I want to comb the wall I've got a
digital lock I want to put on the door
it's not smart control but that's fine
whatever just kind of keep my kids the
first thing that happened when this
couch and stuff went in here and the TV
was working the kids were like yay with
all the crap sitting here I'm like no
you have a living room you have a
playroom both of which have a TV and a
couch for you to go to do your own crap
bin and the loft so you have three
places but no dad finally has his place
and we're gonna try and take it over so
I'm putting a lock on this no no and
then I want to put a ceiling fan up here
because ventilation and air flow are
important and I get hot when I game
[Music]
oh we got bad movement so this is the
lock I installed I'm not too happy with
it though we learned that you can only
set the default state of the lock to
either be unlocked and then when you put
in the BEC you can lock it from out here
or default unlocked or locked as you can
see which means you then put in the code
to make it unlock so basically every
time you shut this door right now we'd
be locked you need the code or the key
to get in the key is just an override
you can't even take the key out so right
now right
locked but you can't take the key out we
think it's really weird setup but it's
designed to keep my kids out and if I'm
too stupid to figure it out it might
work for them but the last thing I need
to install before ready to do this
reveal is going to be obviously more
lights and for that I've got banana leaf
canvas setup because nothing says
YouTube like more lights I'm just not
sure if I have enough of them enough
anymore
[Music]
all right so here it is my ultimate nerd
cave that I've spent three solid weeks
on which to be honest isn't that long so
how many people will actually work on
this stuff that's a lot to kind of show
you there was some design changes we did
we kind of showed you guys in the vlog
some of the things we did like this back
board haven't even showed you really the
desk setup yet so let's go ahead and
start over here in the areas you guys
are already kind of familiar with there
is a lot of Phillips hue in this space
and the reason for that is I wanted
flexibility I wanted to be able to
control colors when do the control
scenes I want to be able to do anything
really and I had Life X and I have ly
fix in this house in my kid's room and
I've had nothing but a hard time with
internet drop outs for the forgetting
the network and constantly have to be
resync tanned then they updated their
app and it's even worse than it was
before so I just completely refused to
use lifx in this area considering I
already had some which I decided to just
basically not use and start all over
with hue and although he wasn't perfect
it is definitely solid because it
connects to its own hub which I have
mounted on the back of the entertainment
center here and that hub is connected to
wired Ethernet so it never drops out and
then it even has this wireless remote
control which is kind of nice so you do
have the ability to let's say
everything's turned on right now with my
voice I can OneTouch turn everything off
if I want to now this is the TV did you
do this what there's games and stuff
that you can play on this and you can
actually play games on this might what
my I wasn't my wife my kids do they'll
play like Simon and memory we're at the
match colors and all that sort of stuff
but this is the nano leaf canvas it's
fairly new they have a newer one coming
up that's a hexagon they're very
expensive but I kind of feel like it's
kind of like the prerequisite now for
any room to be ultimate to have these
voice commanded lights right here now
you guys already seen this I haven't
changed anything with this since you've
seen it last I can still control over my
voice so I set the TV hutch to purple so
all of that is still perfectly and
you'll notice is a little difference of
color on the top because the paint on
this glass changes the the warmth of the
color so it adds a little bit of yellow
to every color which is fine but what I
thought recent
was like oh man if I had thought of this
earlier these tiles would fit under here
perfectly in two side-by-side and I
could have made this a disco floor where
this thing would just go crazy which is
just like oh my god J you're too old for
this lighting but yes you can see right
now everything is set to white so set
the glow top to white so I can have it
be any color that I want now as you can
see this is the way the backboard turned
out we earlier in this video you guys
saw us starting to redo it because of
the way a guy Athene's my internet which
kind of completely derailed the start of
this video I was not intending to have
to completely redo the plug and all that
but it made me rethink how I wanted to
do this and this turned out phenomenal
anytime someone comes in this room they
look at this and they go oh my gosh this
turned out so good the hutch though
doesn't have a whole lot going on inside
of it yet as you can see it's pretty
much empty those are the philips hue
play lights i've just got them setting
down there and that's what's changing
the colors because i have the glass
shelves they'll shine through got my
xbox one right here a lot of people are
like --u xbox whatever it's a gaming
room my kids come in here they can play
it's the idea of this room is because
it's so big it's the biggest bedroom in
the house that's not the master bedroom
you got the TV someone could be watching
a movie my daughter my wife all three of
them can fit in this room while I'm over
here playing games I've got the lg c9
OLED TV which is absolutely phenomenal
it's gonna be getting a firmware update
very soon for HDMI 2.1 support which is
gonna make it even better when it comes
to input lag and refresh rate and all
that sort of stuff let's go and talk
about the elephant in the room I know a
lot of people are gonna be super mad
about the fact that I'm using a sound
bar and didn't go with some sort of a
high end surround sound making an
ultimate let me tell you why I didn't
one this is what's got my smart
assistant built-in - it sounds freaking
phenomenal if you guys are anywhere near
Best Buy or anywhere that's got the Bose
sound bar 700 on display you have to
agree no matter how good of an auto faux
high-end of an audio file you think you
are this sounds great when I really want
to get that home theater feel on the
other side of this wall is my upstairs
loft which has my other LG OLED with my
dev tech 9000 series Dolby Atmos
PHX all the dt s's and stuff with my
pioneer elite receiver and everything
hooked up to it with my super cubes and
all that that will shake the entire
neighborhood apart when I want that
level of sound I just go out there but
watching movies and stuff on this has
been phenomenal we've all read my wife
and I've already had movie night in here
and it's great the sub that is separate
but you can get it's got glass top it's
not polished plastic it looks great it
sounds great
any one that I know that has come and
listen to this so far that has any sort
of opinion on sound has just been blown
away by how good it is it's not cheap
but it's also not sono so I've kind of
lost interest in some of the sono stuff
I have in my master bedroom I have it in
my downstairs living room great room and
I feel like Sonos hasnt kind of kept up
with the times they haven't increased
their sound quality enough
that's why bose got my money this time
around and a lot of people were probably
looking at that going J aren't you just
a little too old to be playing a switch
you're never too old to play video games
you're not too old to play legend of
zelda and all that sort of stuff which I
do play on there now regarding digital
assistants I know a lot of people are
super sketchy about that what's always
on always listening kind of a thing and
I get that I lead a pretty boring life
and if I know what we're listening in
all they're gonna hear is me basically
telling my kids go to bed and being
frustrated over Common Core math with my
daughter's homework it's nothing worth
listening in on so I'm perfectly fine
with the digital assistance but because
there are so many different light
sources and nothing sucked up to a
switch the exception of this light right
here which I leave always on I wanted
things to be simple so for instance you
know we got friends over we got mark
here the member the destiny to build hi
so let's say I'm just sitting here and
suddenly it's just like okay we want to
watch a movie or something so you can
you know I set up routines for basically
a bunch of different scenarios that this
room could be used for so let's watch a
movie so what you'll do now is she'll
dim all the lights make it very much
like a movie theater with the kind of a
warm orange glow I've got kind of a very
soft sort of a violet color going right
there on the on the bottom of the hutch
and then if I had my remote control over
here which I can't reach unfortunately
voice control doesn't work on this TV as
it's set up
but we've got backlight on the TV
everything's kind of dim but it's
perfect for watching TV
I've got routines set up for gaming too
and probably one of the most important
one elect let's get busy
[Music]
we come back yeah I'm gonna be putting
an Xbox Series X 1 Series x2 whatever
it's called in here eventually PS 5 and
all that sort of stuff because I want
when people come over there's any choice
of entertainment that they want but for
me obviously I'm a computer geek and
that is what this is now some of you
might be looking at this going what the
heck why don't you have two monitors I
always had two monitors in fact on my
old studio I had two 34 inch ultra
whites
this right here is LG's new 38 inch IPS
one millisecond gray degrade true one
true one millisecond greater gray
widescreen panel I wanted to have a
single panel that filled out the space
nicely but didn't make it over cluttered
I've gotten really used to using a
single panel over the last year and I'm
really enjoying just a single ultra wide
but I want to start doing live streaming
and stuff once again so I've got my
Elgato stream deck right down here it's
not hooked up yet but I'll be learning
how to use this but I've also got the
hue lights on the shelves that you saw
how we did they're here they're here
they're behind the desk and what's cool
is I do have a live streaming scene
where it will dim all of the lights in
the back part of the room it will turn
on the color when it comes to the banana
leaf canvas back there it will turn on
colors in the hutch and behind the TV
but it will turn these white to give me
a softbox type of illumination on me so
that when I used to have the terrible
color and the ugly face of mine being
lit by the monitor looks terrible I now
have some sort of lighting to back or to
front light me when I'm live-streaming
and then I recently added these canvas
over here just to add a little bit of
more dynamic lighting and shadows plus
they shine right on my headphones which
we'll get to in a second for sound over
here these are the yamaha HS five studio
monitors that was a little torn on these
I was gonna get the I loud
MTM zedillo out there called something
like that MTM but the problem or the
multimedia yeah MTM the problem was I
ordered I ordered them thinking they
repair and there was 350 bucks for
I was like okay that's not gonna fly so
I returned the one got these two for
total of $400 which is not again not
cheap but studio monitors they're
accurate that's what they're designed to
be they sound amazing
they fill out the space they look good
the white cones really kind of fit in
with the decor but the black finish on
here doesn't make them pop too much and
they are being powered off of my mana
price monolith thx amplifier right here
this is the same amplifier that I'm also
using to power my headphones when I do
switch over to headphone mode so the
nice thing about this is it's not
balanced but it does give me a DAC
built-in as well so it's a DAC to the
computer it's running over optical
actually and then I can set it to either
line out or headphone out giving me one
solution for headphones and speakers and
then I've got my scarlett solo on top
which is what I'm using to amplify or to
preamp and capture an interface my sm7b
sure microphone right here for when I do
live streaming I've wanted this
microphone since the day I started my
channel it's one of the cheapest
microphones you can get in terms of
being studio grade something that you
would actually see in a real FM studio
XM studio whatever this is what they
would have they can definitely scale up
from here but it's better than any mic
I've ever had and when I started my
channel I used to live stream more often
and I was like if I ever get to a
position where I can have a shure sm7b
i'm gonna get it well here it is and so
it's sitting on my rode PSA one mic
stand
which obviously now you guys can see
that some of the theme here as I'm
planning on doing some live streaming
and stuff so here's my Bismarck model
now finally a place to display it which
means I've got to start my Yamato we got
some camera stuff up here just some
product boxes this will probably change
over time one of the hardest things to
do when you do a space like this is
decorate it and for me I'm not very good
at that I'm not very good at like the
small things and I think over time
that'll sort of mature but as you can
see nebula sitting here in her spot and
just I mean who can deny looking at that
I was gonna do a smaller computer over
here and we both kind of agreed that
that would have been a terrible idea
because it would have looked super empty
but that's also the reason why I have
two sets of Alex desks under drawers
underneath it a lot of people are
triggered by that set of drawers on the
right right they're saying Jay how the
heck do you reach that like that that
barely clears the thing but like that so
those have more of a purpose of holding
the weight of nebula than being anything
else and I figured well if I'm gonna get
a some sort of a stand there anyway Maz
will be additional storage those that
will be for things that aren't used very
often but I need to have nearby or I can
easily get to it if I need to these
drawers are perfectly accessible and
because these these tables are mounted
together I didn't want to just do a leg
or something back there having it then
kind of start leaning over time so I
just did to Alex drawers side by side
with these little couch leg standoffs
that I've already showed before getting
the desk up just a little bit making it
so that I can easily have the weight
supported this is the most recent
modification that I did super simple $16
14-inch keyboard sliders that you can
get off Amazon and then I went down to
Home Depot and I got a piece of wood cut
it down to the length that I wanted
stained it with the stain that matched
the desktop as close as I could find
this is birch this is veneer so that's
why it has perfect grain as this veneer
and as you can see it matches the tone
perfectly and this is gonna be basically
another computer I have set up for when
I'm doing a live streaming akha monitor
my stream and all that and then when I
want I can just close it and push it out
of the way it also sticks out slightly
like that because I should have got the
18 inch drawer sliders and up the 14
inch that way I would have more distance
to pull out and still you go insane I'd
be able to come out and still be able to
open the laptop lid but this is a 13
inch surface too and it's perfectly fine
I asked you guys recently on Twitter
about headphones and so many that's
wanting to start to experience some
audiophile grade stuff you guys had a
lot of things to suggest we already had
a set of Sennheiser
six xx's which we did through mass drop
this is the mass drop edition one and
they sound great but I wanted more so we
had the focal Alexis and they sound
great as well but they're also $600 so I
kind of did a lot of my own research
phil is a huge fan of his - for x-axis
but a step up from that these are the
high Fineman thunderous and let me tell
you right now once you go planar you
don't go back you don't go back you know
go back her they're not perfect and
they're extremely open back because they
need to be able to vibrate that that you
know planar layer right there the
magnetic layer if you cover the back
with your hand or you lean over and
something blocks the back this that
sound changes on them dramatically but I
don't really do that and I am extremely
in love with these headphones they were
three hundred and fifty dollars just
over half the price of the e Lexus but
way better in terms of sound quality in
our opinion obviously if you're an
audiophile you may not agree you may be
like no you need to get the AH disease
or you need to get the blah blah blah
the LCD breeze or that's the cool thing
about sound is we're all subjective and
those don't destroy the bank account
while giving you a pretty good return on
your investment so one of the questions
I got was Jay did you still have room
for your racing sim and that was
definitely a prereq for me I had to be
able to have it in my game room so here
it is this is the same setup that you
guys have already seen me do a whole
video about if you haven't seen it just
go to my channel and search for fana
tech and you'll see this is our game rig
so this is anna butter revolution gaming
chair cockpit and this is a fan of tech
clubs but the club sport v2 steering
wheel with the club sport pedals and
then this is just a cheap steering wheel
got off like ebay to put on here cuz I
wasn't
I should probably flip sheet wow I
should get a better one this is why you
don't buy cheap steering wheels I put
them in your car again to a car crash
and you're gonna eat that in your
sternum
anyway um this one has also compatible
with xbox I don't use it with Xbox but
it is and what's cool about it is if
everyone and switch the wheel and get
different kinds it's got this
quick-release right here and I could
take this off this is like a GT steering
wheel and I could put on like an f1
style steering wheel I could put on a
big giant NASCAR stealing world with
buttons and stuff but it's extremely
robust and high-quality the pedals also
are load cells so they've got resistance
that I can adjust to make them like feel
more like a street car or a race car
with no power brakes and then obviously
I've got my oculus rift s hooked up to
it
I don't do VR in here I've got a oculus
quest up there actually still in the box
says I bought it for myself for
Christmas but I hadn't really had a
chance to set it up yet that's gonna be
for the family willing to play like beat
Sabre and stuff like that so I have to
order one of those leather face masks so
I don't get turned into a sweaty sponge
with all the foam but this basically
does nothing but provide me VR for my
racing Sims and for that I do a lot of
eye racing I do i racing for more
realistic training when I'm practicing
for what I'm going out on track these
are me driving I do I do as much driving
as I possibly can on track a seal one
right there is doing about 163 miles an
hour into the bank so that's cool and
then the Z's fun too but anyway it's no
it's it's a different car with a
different purpose but it's still fun to
drive it really is there's no boring
cars boring drivers only so but the VR
gives me an opportunity with this setup
and how realistic it is to practice
without the risk if that makes sense so
yeah it's fun Phil's played on this
before our friend mark has played on it
and it's everyone gets off this and goes
wow that's so cool this one's probably
gonna be a point of contention this is
hey Logitech G 915 Wireless Gaming
mechanical keyboard obviously its RGB I
have it set to blue to match nebula over
there and then I've got the wireless pro
gaming mouse he's both use their
Lightspeed connection which is an ultra
fast but also ultra short distance I'm
gonna have to move the receiver to my
USB hub that's under the desk to get it
closer because when I turn on VR and my
controllers turn on they interfere with
the keyboard the keyboard drop drops out
but a lot of you saw the pictures of
this on Twitter and we're like how do
you feel about that keyboard how do you
feel about that keyboard enough people
asked to where I think I'm gonna do a
stand
keyboard review just to talk about
whether or not it's worth it it's very
expensive but I legitimately wanted
Wireless because of the super ultra
clean setup that I've got going here and
they want to drill a hole through the
table to put wires down through I want
to be able to kick back in the chair and
lean back and have the keyboard on my
lap and not on the desk so yeah I'll do
a video about this because it's fairly
new and it's a lot of people are just
that's way too expensive it's a waste of
money in this very lot of dust anyway
it's a waste of money and you know what
it might very well be but I made an
aesthetic choice here that so far I'm
happy with this performance but it's not
perfect so you guys will get a video
about that and then this little pad that
I've got it sitting on this gamepad it's
just a generic Amazon version of a lot
of gaming pads that you can get and they
come in different sizes and stuff so
that's that's what I'm using for that so
that is kind of it I mean the whole
point of this this room sat empty all
year long and my studio or my studio
that I had downstairs which was might
you know my game room was a catch-all so
this was a good time for me to just sort
of get things in shape and I'm happy
this is a this is becoming a good place
in the house for us to hang out having a
dedicated place to play games is awesome
my kids are gamers my wife not so much
but she can sitting here in relax while
I'm playing games if she wants that way
if I'm playing computer games and she
wants to watch TV and be near it's not
like one of us has to sacrifice okay I
can't play games ago watch her you know
watch TV but she can watch TV while I'm
playing games it's cool my kids have
started to think that this is their room
that's why that key padlock is on the
door which already has worked a couple
of times I'll be sitting in here that
here the door's locked I'm like yeah
that's the point and they're your own
men and they go like walking down the
stairs but yeah if you guys have any
suggestions though on what I could do to
take this to the next level I'm kind of
curious what you guys would do I think
it turned out phenomenal and
unfortunately the timing couldn't have
been more perfect considering we
probably spending some more time at home
than we had planned on I was supposed to
be on vacation at the time the
video went live but I'm probably only
sitting in here right now while you're
watching this I mean by the time you
guys see this it's time has already
passed because scheduling and all that
sort of stuff and we've taken the rest
of the month off anyway for all
everything going on I have no problems
being in here it's comfortable fact on -
it's too comfortable sometimes I sit
down at my desk and I'll do something
like this game time and then when it's
all super moody like this I start to
fall asleep at my desk that could just
be the Boomer in me I sit still long
enough I fall asleep but that's okay
obviously the room is relaxing if I
can't stay awake in it sound off in the
comments below what you guys think about
the setup what would you do differently
if it were yours more importantly if
you've got any links or anything to your
setups share them I don't know if
YouTube's gonna block the links but
maybe not I don't know jerem on twitter
alright guys thanks for watching we'll
see you in the next one